 When is the online registration for Spring Semester? 
 When is online teaching starting? 
 Who should I contact regarding my online teaching? 
 Who do I contact if I encounter issues during online teaching? 
 Can I still change modules in the first weeks of the online teaching? 
 Can I return to campus during online teaching period? 
 What will happen if face-to-face classes resume but I am unable to return to campus due to travel restrictions? 
 If I am prevented from returning to campus by travel restrictions imposed by the authorities beyond the online teaching period, can I apply for extenuating circumstances for those modules? 
 Will there be face-to-face classes this semester? 
 How will we ensure quality of online teaching? What if I am not happy? 
 What about my lab sessions? Will they be online too? 
 How will assessment on my modules be affected? 
 Will the University consider postponing exams and shortening the summer vacation? 
 I am unsure whether I (or my lecturer from last semester) will be back on campus to give feedback on my examinations. How can I get feedback once the results are published?
 How do I access textbooks for my modules? 
 How can I access library resources? 
 Will the semester be further delayed because I know some universities in Beijing have postponed the start date of semester to May?
 Will my graduation delayed? Will the delayed semester affect the progress of coursework and dissertation which eventually affect my graduation?
 Will the teaching quality be ensured since online teaching and learning might not be able to touch upon all resources?
 As a student from Science and Engineering, I would like to know the arrangements for experiment week and would like to receive plans as early as possible. 
 Why has the UNNC clinic stopped providing face-to-face consultations? 
 What can I do if I have medical symptoms other than a fever, cough or breathing difficulties?
 What if I have a fever, cough or breathing difficulties? 
 What if I need OTC (Over-The-Counter), prescription drugs or face masks? 
 What if I need an extension for a coursework deadline? 
 I have an ARF/DRF (Academic Referral Form/Disability Referral Form). Does this mean I have an automatic right to an extension? 
 What if I have to miss an exam? 
 What if I have to miss a class? 
 How do I get help if I am struggling with an individual module? 
 How do I get feedback on my work and progress? 
 What if I want to appeal against my grades or my degree classification? 
 I am thinking of leaving university. Who should I talk to? 
 What if I want to talk to my module convenor or other members of staff? 
 How can I change my major? 
 I am a 2+2 student in Civil Engineering now, can I change to 2+2 EEE? 
 Can I change my course from 4+0 programme to 2+2 programme? 
 How Can I change my optional module? 
 What if I want to change my course? 
 How can I apply my ranking information and convert my marks to GPA 
 How can I get known my course structure? 
 How can I get known each module content and assessment type? 
 Can I take more than 120 credits in one academic year? 
 Can I take additional modules apart from my course structure? 
 I am going to apply PG study; how can I get my official syllabus? 
 I have some questions about exchange programme, who should I contact? 
 What if I fall sick? 
 What if I want permission to be away from campus? 
 I need a letter confirming the course I'm on and the length, etc ., what do I do? 
 What if I need a letter of reference? 
 I have concerns about my studies, modules, programmes or any other general matter concerning my studies here, who do I talk to? 
 I need help for matters which are not related to my academic performance but which impede on them? 
 What if I want to study at The University of Nottingham UK campus or any other University abroad? 