when will the online registration available for spring semester?
when will the online registration begin for spring semester?
what is the start date for online registration for spring semester?
When is online registration for Spring Semester?
What is the registration time for Spring Semester?
What is the date of online registration for Spring Semester?
When will the online registration for Spring Semester start?
When can I register online for Spring Semester?
When will online registration for Spring Semester starts?
How to know the registration date for Spring Semester?
when will online teaching begin? 
when online teaching begins? 
what is the exact date that online teaching begin?
What is the date when online teaching starts?
When is online teaching beginning?
When will online teaching start?
When will online teaching begin?
When is online teaching beginning?
What is the starting date of online teaching?
How can we know the date when online teaching starts?
When is online course beginning?
who am I suppose to turn to for help during online teaching?
who could offer me support during online teaching?
should anyone suppose to help my online study?
Who should I talk to about the online course?
Who can I talk to regarding the online course?
Which staff can I contact for my online online teaching?
Which organization should I contact regarding my online teaching?
Who should I contact for further information regarding my online teaching?
Who can I talk to about the online teaching?
Who can I contact regarding the online teaching?
 if I met problem, who could help me?
 if I have problems with online teaching, who should I turn to for help?
who should I contact if I have problems in my study during online study?
 If I have problems about online teaching, who should I talk to?
What should I do if I having problems during online teaching?
Which staff can I contact if I encounter issues during online teaching?
Who should I contact if I want to solve the problems concerning online teaching?
What should I do if I encounter issues during online teaching?
 If I have troubles about online course, who should I talk to?
What should I do if I have troubles during online course?
Is it possible to change my module in the first week of online teaching?
What if I want to change module during my first week's online study?
 May I change my module in the first week, if the module is not what I thought to be?
How to change modules for the online course?
When could I change modules for the online course?
Can I still make some changes to modules in the first weeks of the online teaching?
When can I change modules for the online teaching?
When can I make some changes to online teaching modules?
How can I change modules for the online teaching?
When can I change modules for the online teaching?
Is it possible to go back to school during online teaching period?
 If I need to do experiment in lab, can I go back to school?
Can my parents come into my school with me? 
What time can I return to campus?
Can I return to campus recently?
When can I return to campus for online teaching?
When can I come back to campus during online teaching period? 
Can I return to campus this week?
When could I return to campus?
Could I go to campus recently?
 What can I do if I can not go back to school, while face-to-face classes resume?
 For some reason, I can not go back to school for face-to-face classes, what can I do?
 Because of travel restrictions, I can not back to school, and what am I suppose to do?
 If face-to-face classes continue but I can't be back, what would happen?
Is there any problem if I cannot return to the campus but face-to face classes continue?
What should I do if face-to-face classes resume but I am unable to return to campus due to travel restrictions?
What will happen if I can't return to campus to attend face-to-face classes due to travel restrictions?
How can I keep on my study if I can't return to campus to attend face-to-face classes due to travel restrictions?
 If face-to-face classes resume but I can't return to school, what will happen?
If there is any problem if I cannot return to the campus but face-to face classes resume?
 Because of travel restrictions, I can not go back to school, therefore, can I apply for extenuating circumstances?
 For some reason, I can not go back to school, therefore, can I apply for extenuating circumstances?
 If I did not study my modules well since I cannot return to campus, can I lose less mark?
Will I lose less mark since my study is affected by travel restrictions that I cannot return to school?
Can I apply for extenuating circumstances for teaching modules if I am prevented from returning to campus by travel restrictions imposed by the authorities beyond the online teaching period?
Is it okay for not completing the study task if am prevented from returning to campus by travel restrictions imposed by the authorities beyond the online teaching period?
Is it true that I won't be punished a lot if I can't complete my work since I am prevented from returning to campus by travel restrictions imposed by the authorities beyond the online teaching period?
 If I did not study very well since I cannot back to campus, will I lose less mark?
Will I lose less mark since my study is affected by travel restrictions?
Would there be classes offline this semester?
Would we have face-to-face classes this semester?
Is it possible to have face-to-face classes this semester?
Is there any face-to-face classes this term?
Will face-to-face teaching back to normal this year?
How will classes be delivered this semester?
Are we going to have face-to-face classes this semester?
Are we going to teach online this semester?
Will we have face-to-face classes this term?
Can we have face-to-face teaching this year?
What would you do to ensure the quality of online teaching?
What if I'm not happy with the quality of online learning UNNC provide?
How can I give feedback about the quality of online teaching?
How to give feedback to online teaching?
Can I give feedback to online teaching?
Are there any feedback mechanisms at school?
Where can I give my feedback regarding online teaching?
How can I give feedback to the school?
How can I give feedback to online course?
Can I comment on online teaching?
How can I have my lab sessions during online teaching?
Will our lab sessions be online as well?
How to do experiment during online teaching?
What will the lab sessions be hold as?
Will the lab sessions be hold?
Will my lab sessions be online?
Will my lab sessions be delivered in person on campus?
How will my lab sessions be delivered?
What format will the lab sessions be?
Where are the lab sessions be hold?
Would the assessment of my modules be affected?
Would my modules mark being cheated unfairly?
How would my modules being marked?
Will the assessment on my modules be affected?
What about the assessment on my modules?
Will there still be the end of semester exams?
When will we have the end of semester exams?
Will assessment on my modules be changed a lot?
Will the marking on my modules be affected?
What about the marking on my modules?
Will our exams being postponed? Will our summer vacation become shorter?
Will the school make some changes to the length of summer vacation?
Will the school change the date of final exams because of covid-19?
Will you postponed the exams and shorter the vacation?
Will you change exam date and vacation time due to COVID-19?
When will we have our exams?
Will our summer vacation be affected due to COVID 鈥?19?
When will our summer vacation begin?
Will the exams be postponed and the vacation be shorter?
Will exam date and vacation time change due to COVID-19?
How to get feedback about my examination instantly. If I'm not at school?
I'm not at school and how would school give us final examination feedback once the results being published?
How to get exam feedback instantly if I'm at home?
I'm not at school and how would I receive final examination feedback?
How to get exam feedback if I'm not in school?
 I'm at home, and how could I get final examination feedback?
Where to find my textbooks for my modules?
How can I get my module textbooks?
How can I get the online version of module textbooks?
How can I read the textbooks for the modules?
How to access textbooks for my course?
Where can I get my textbooks for corresponding modules?
Can I get textbooks for my modules from library?
When can I access textbooks for my modules?
How can I get textbooks for the modules?
How to get textbooks for the course?
How to reach the resources in the library?
How to use our library online?
How to borrow books online?
How can I use Nusearch?
How to access library resources?
How can I access learning material?
What is NUsearch?
What should I do if I have difficulties in accessing library resources?
How to use Nusearch to access library resources?
How to access resources in the school?
 When will this semester begin, will it being delayed?
What is the final decision of when this semester begins?
Would the semester being delayed again?
I want to know if the semester be further delayed.
Is the semester going to be further delayed?
When will this semester starts?
Will the starting teaching week be postponed?
Will the semester be further delayed like some universities in Beijing?
I wonder if the semester be further delayed.
Would the semester being further delayed?
Will my graduation being affected by covid-19?
Will the graduation date being delayed due to the delayed semester?
Will the graduation be delayed?
Will the situation affect my graduation?
Will my graduation be affected a lot since the semester is delayed?
Will the progress of coursework and dissertation be affected since the semester is delayed?
Will my aspirations as to future further study and employment be affected by COVID-19?
Is my graduation going to be delayed?
Will the delay affect my graduation?
Would the teaching quality being affected as we can not get in touch with all the resources?
How to ensure the learning quality of online teaching?
 If the teaching quality drops, what can we do? How to give feedback to school? 
Is the teaching quality going to be ensured as we can not access all the resources?
How would you ensure the teaching quality online?
How will the teaching quality be ensured since online teaching and learning might not be able to touch upon all resources? 
What will the school do to ensure the teaching quality since online teaching and learning might not be able to touch upon all resources? 
Will the teaching quality be like before?
Will the teaching quality be ensured as we can not get in touch with all the resources?
How can you ensure the online teaching quality?
How can I get the plan of experiment week?
What is the plan of experiment week?
  As a student from Science and Engineering, I wonder how will the experiment week be like?
I'm a student from Science and Engineering. Can I get the plan of experiment week?
How can I know the arrangements for experiment week of major Science and Engineering?
How to get any plan of experiment week?
What will the plan of experiment week be?
Why clinic do not offer face-to-face consultations any longer?
Why I can not have a face-to-face consultation with clinic?
When can clinic back to normal and offer face-to-face consultation?
Is there any face-to-face consultation with clinic?
Will clinic offer face-to-face consultation this semester?
Why can't UNNC clinic provide face-to-face consultation anymore?
Why we cannot go to the clinic by person?
Why the face-to-face consultations of UNNC clinic are stopped?
If there are face-to-face consultation with clinic?
Will clinic offer face-to-face consultation?
 What if I have medical symptoms other than a fever, cough or breathing difficulties?
 I feel sick with other illness, what can I do?
What to do if having symptoms other than COVID-19?
 I feel sick with illness other than COVID-19, what can I do?
What can I do if I have symptoms other than COVID-19?
 I feel sick with some illness, what can I do?
What can I do if I broke my leg?
What can I do if I have toothache?
Who can I contact if I broke my arm?
 I feel sick with cough, what should I do?
 I feel terrible and I thought I have a fever, what should I do?
 I might have covid-19, what should I do?
What to do if having symptoms like COVID-19?
 I might got covid-19, what should I do?
What can I do if I have a fever?
What can I do if I have a cough?
What can I do if I have a breathing difficulties?
 Who should I contact if I have a fever, cough or breathing difficulties?
What can I do if I have symptoms like COVID-19?
 I might have covid-19, what can I do?
 Where can I get OTC, prescription drugs or face masks? 
 I need OTC, prescription drugs or face masks, and where can I bought them?
How can I get OTC prescription drugs or face masks?
 Where can I get OTC, prescription drugs or face masks?
What should I do if I need OTC?
Where can I get OTC?
What should I do if I need prescription drugs?
Where can I get prescription drugs?
What should I do if I need face masks?
Where can I get face masks?
 Can I get OTC prescription drugs or face masks, and how?
 Where to obtain OTC, prescription drugs or face masks?
How to ask for an extension for a coursework deadline?
Who could help if I need an extension for a coursework deadline?
How to extend the deadline for coursework?
Who could help if I need an extension for deadline of coursework?
How could I extend the deadline for coursework?
How can I get an extension for a coursework deadline?
Can I get an extension for a coursework deadline?
Where can I get the Extenuating Circumstances Form extension for a coursework deadline?
Who can help me if I need an extension for a coursework deadline?
Can I extend the deadline for coursework?
Do I have an automatic right to an extension if I have an ARF/DRF?
Does having an ARF/DRF means I have an automatic right to an extension?
Is ARF/DRF is enough for an extension?
How to apply for absence in an exam?
What to do if I have to miss an exam for some reason?
Can I miss an exam with evidence proving that I'm doing something more significant?
 If I have to miss an exam, what should I do?
What can I do if I have to miss an exam?
What can I do if I have to miss an exam?
How can I apply for not attending an exam?
What can I do to apply for not attending an exam?
 If I will miss an exam, what could I do?
How to do if missing an exam?
How to apply for absence for classes?
What to do if I have to miss a class for some reason?
Can I miss a class with evidence proving that I'm doing something more significant?
 If I will miss a class, what could I do?
How to do if missing a class?
What can I do if I have to miss an class?
How can I apply for not attending an class?
What can I do to apply for not attending an class?
 If I have to miss a class, what should I do?
What can I do if I have to miss a class?
Who could offer me support on my individual module?
How should I get help from others if I'm struggling with an individual module? 
Who should we turn to for help if I'm struggling with an individual module? 
How can I get help if I am struggling with the modules?
Where can I get support if I have troubles in my module?
Who can I contact if I have difficulties studying an individual module?
What can I do if I am struggling with an individual module? 
What kind of help can I get from my Module Teacher?
How to ask for help if struggling with the modules?
Where to get support if having troubles in my module?
How to get feedback on my work and progress from teachers?
Who would give me feedback on my work and progress?
What can I do if I want my feedback on my work and progress?
What if I want to get comments on my work?
Can I get comments on my progress?
Will there be feedback on my work and progress? 
Who will give me feedback on my work and progress? 
What kinds of feedback can I get?
What if I want to get feedback on my work and progress?
Can I get feedback on my work and progress?
How to appeal against my grades or my degree classification? 
What can I do if I want to appeal against my grades or my degree classification? 
Is it possible to appeal against my grades or my degree classification? 
What should I do if I want to argue my grades or degree classification?
How to argue for my greads or degree classification?
How can I appeal against my grades or my degree classification? 
Can I appeal against my grades or my degree classification? 
Can I appeal against procedural errors in my coursework?
What could I do to argue for my mark or degree classification?
How can I argue for my mark or degree classification?
 I don't want to stay in university, who could help me?
 I don't want to study here anymore, who should I talk to?
 I feel tired staying in university, what should I do?
Who should I contact if I want to leave the school?
What should I do to leave the university?
Who can I contact if I want to leave UNNC?
What am I supposed to do if am thinking of leaving university?
Is it okay to leave the university?
Who should I talk to if I want to leave the university?
What should I do if I want to leave the university?
How to contact with my module convenor or other staff?
 I have something to talk to my module convenor, what should I do?
 Can I talk to my module convenor, and how?
How can I talk to my module convenor?
Where to cantact my module convenor or other staff?
How can I connect with my module convenor?
Where to get in touch with my module convenor or other staff?
How can I contact my module convenor?
How can I make an appointment with my personal tutor?
Where can I find my personal tutor?
Is it possible to change my major? 
How to change major?
What is the process of change major?
How to change the major?
What should I do to change my major?
How can I get further information of changing major?
When can I change my major?
Which department is in charge of Y2 students changing major?
Where to change my major?
What should I do if I want to change my major?
How to change from 2+2 in one major to other 2+2 in other major?
 I'm a 2+2 student in CE, and how to change to 2+2 EEE?
What should I do if I want to change my major?
How to change my major in the same abroading type?
  I am a 2+2 student in Civil Engineering now, how can I change to EEE?
Can I transfer my major from Civil 2+2 to EEE 2+2?
How can I transfer my major from Civil 2+2 to EEE 2+2?
What to do to change my major?
How to make change to my major in the same abroading type?
Is it possible to change from 4+0 to 2+2?
How to change from 4+0 to 2+2?
 If I want to change my course from 4+0 to 2+2, what should I do? 
What about changing major from 4+0 to 2+2?
How to change major from 4+0 to 2+2?
How can I change my course from 4+0 programme to 2+2 programme? 
How can I get further information concerning changing course from 4+0 programme to 2+2 programme?
When can I change my course from 4+0 programme to 2+2 programme? 
What if I want to change from 4+0 to 2+2?
How can I change from 4+0 to 2+2?
How to change my optional module?
 If I want to change my optional module, what to do?
Who could help if I want to change my optional module?
What should I do to change my optional module?
What if I want to change my optional module?
When can I change my optional module?
How can I make changes to my optional module?
What should I do if I want to quit my optional module?
What to do to change optional module?
What about changing the optional module?
How to change my course?
 If I want to change my course, what to do?
Who could help if I want to change my course?
What to do to change my course?
Who could I contact to change my course?
How can I change my course?
Who should I contact if I want to change my course?
Which department should I contact for further information of changing course?
What I should do to change my course?
Who to contact if I want to change my course?
How to I convert my marks to GPA?
How to apply my ranking information?
Where can I find information about rank and marks?
How do I change my marks to GPA?
How can I get my ranking?
Which department can I contact if I want to apply my ranking information and convert my marks to GPA?
Where can I apply my ranking information?
Where can I convert my marks to GPA?
How to change marks to GPA?
How to get my ranking?
How to find my course structure?
Where to find my course structure?
The information about my course structure can be find in where?
How to know the course structure?
What the teaching plan is for my course?
What is my course structure?
What will the teaching plan be like for my course?
Where can I find my course structure? 
How to get my course structure?
What will the teaching plan be for my course?
How to find each module content and assessment type?
Where to find each module content and assessment type?
The information about each module content and assessment type can be find in where?
What content and assessment is in my module?
How to get information about each module content and assessment?
How can I get further information about each module content and assessment type?
Where can I find each module content and assessment type in detail?
What assessment types will my module have?
What is my module content and assessment?
How to get more detail about each module content and assessment?
Is it possible to take more than 120 credits per year?
Is the maximum credit for an academic year is 120?
How to earn more credits in an academic year?
Is there any optional modules?
How can I take optional modules?
How to take more than 120 credits in one academic year?
Can everyone take more than 120 credits in one academic year if want to?
Can native students take more than 120 credits in one academic year? 
Are we going to have optional modules?
How to take optional modules?
Is it possible to take additional modules?
 I want to take more modules, what can I do?
Is it probable to take additional modules?
 I want to take additional modules, what can I do?
Do we have optional modules in my course structure?
Where can I see the optional modules in my course structure?
What additional modules can I take?
Is it okay to take additional modules apart from my course structure?
What if I want to take additional modules?
How to get official syllabus from UNNC?
Where can we get official syllabus from our school?
What do I need if I want ro apply for PG study?
What way can I get my official syllabus?
What to do to get my official syllabus?
How can I get my official syllabus since I'm going tostudy?
I am going to apply PG study; where can I get my official syllabus?
What can I do in order to get my official syllabus?
How to get my official syllabus?
What should I do to get my official syllabus?
How to apply for exchange programme?
Where to find the information for exchange programme?
How to get the information about exchange programme?
Can I get information about exchange programme?
How to ask questions about exchange programme?
Where should I go if I have queries about exchange programme?
Who can I contact if I have questions concerning exchange programme?
Who should I contact if I want to converse my mark for exchange programme?
Can I get details about exchanging?
How to ask queres about exchanging program?
What can I do if I fell sick?
 If I'm sick, what should I do?
 I feel terrible and maybe sick, what to do?
Who to contact if I am sick?
Will I get extension for coursework if feeling sick?
What should I do if I'm sick?
Which department should I contact if I'm sick?
I'm sick; how to get an extension for my coursework?
Who to contact if I get sick?
Can I get extension for my coursework if I am sick?
How to get permission to be away from campus?
 Can I be away from campus for some reasons? If can, what should I do?
Is it possible to be away from campus for a couple of weeks?
How to get permission to go out of the campus?
What should I do if I want to go out of the campus?
How can I get permission to be away from campus? 
Who should I contact if I want permission to be away from campus? 
Can I get permission to be away from campus? 
How to get permission to be off the campus?
What can I do if I want to be off the campus?
 What if I need to confirm the course that I'm on, what should I do?
How to prove that I'm studying some specific course at UNNC?
How to get a letter confirming the course I'm on and its length?
What to do if I need to confirm the course that I'm taking?
How could I get confirming letter of the course I'm on and its length?
How can I get a letter confirming the course I'm on and the length?
Where should I go to get a letter confirming the course I'm on and the length?
Which department should I contact if I want a letter confirming the course I'm on and the length?
What if I need to confirm the course that I'm on?
How can I get a letter confirming the course I'm on and its length?
How can I get recommendation letter?
Who can write recommendation letter for me?
Can my personal tutor help with my recommendation letter?
How to get reference letter?
Who can write reference letter for me?
How can I get a letter of reference?
Who should I contact if I need a letter of reference?
What should I do if I need a reference letter?
How can I get reference letter?
Who could give reference letter for me?
 I am in trouble that affects my academic performance, who could I turn to for help?
 I have troubles with my study life in UNNC, who could help me?
 Some personal issues make me feel terrible, I need help.
Who to contact on my study concerns?
What to do regarding my study problems?
What should I do if I have concerns about my studies?
Who should I contact if I have problems of studies?
 Who should I talk to if I have concerns about my studies, modules, programmes or any other general matter concerning my studies here?
Who to contact on my studies?
What should I do regarding my study problems?
 I am in trouble that affects my academic performance, who could I turn to for help?
 I have troubles with my study life in UNNC, who could help me?
 Some personal issues make me feel terrible, I need help.
How to get help for non-academic matters?
What if I want to get help for non-academic matters?
How can I get help for matters which are not related to my academic performance but which impede on them?
Who should I contact if I want help for matters which are not related to my academic performance but which impede on them?
What should I do if I have matters which are not related to my academic performance but which impede on them?
How to ask for help for non-academic things?
What to do if I want help for non-academic matters?
How to study abroad? Or exchange to other school?
How to apply for exchange programme?
When can we start applying for exchange programme?
Which country or school can I exchange to? Is there a list of exchange school?
How to apply for study overseas?
What to do if I want to study abroad?
How can I study at The University of Nottingham UK campus?
Where can I find further information of studying abroad?
What should I do if I want to study at UNUK?
How to apply for studying abroad?
What should I do if I want to study overseas?